SAM:  Previously on Aquarius...
I think Roy Kovic
had Guapo killed.
Where were you
last Tuesday night, Roy?
Mrs. Gladner, I can't imagine
how scared you are.
I want to make a deal.
Use of deadly force,
lying under oath, coercion,
drunk and disorderly.
I am amazed that
you're even still a policeman.
Everybody's doing the funny.
CHARMAIN: Tina Greenwood,
reported missing
right after Thanksgiving.
SAM: It's the same girl.
You know
what the dream is, right?
Of course.
Your music.
EMMA:  Wait, you know
Dennis Wilson?
PATTY:  It's a crazy scene.
A party that never stops.
Charlie's gonna love it here.
TEX: How!
Hey.
What's going on?
Hi, friend.
Ow! Hey, get off!
Get off me! Hey, get...
(GROANING)
Stop!
(PANTING)
Don't.
SADIE: Get it done, Tex.
MAN: I'm not gonna
tell anybody.
Please, just don't.
Please don't.
Don't. Don't, please.
Don't.
(LAUGHING)
Hey, is that
a Rolls-Royce there?
Silver Shadow. Yes, sir.
Got a problem with the idle.
I'm adjusting the linkage.
You know cars?
I appreciate people who do.
You from Texas, huh?
Whereabouts?
Good ear, man. Copeville.
Just outside of Dallas.
You been to Texas?
CHARLIE: I've been everywhere.
Let me guess. Football player.
Yeah,
two-year honorable mention,
all-district running back.
You know anything about guns?
Sure. Me and my Daddy
used to go...
What about motorcycles?
You like motorcycles?
Um...
I'm kind of more
of a truck guy.
I guess I could probably
fix up a hog
if it came down to it.
It won't.
What's your name, friend?
Charles Watson.
Yeah, that don't work.
I'ma call you Tex.
(CHUCKLES) All right, then.
-Morning.
-Hey.
How's it going?
I got this Jane Doe body
in Canoga Park
that looks like
my missing picture girl,
but isn't,
and the Canoga Park sheriffs
have told me to get bent.
And it seems like
I should be able to leverage
this Captain Welles thing
with the Army to try to get
Walt some rhythm somehow,
but I haven't been able
to figure out how exactly yet.
You sorry you asked?
Because I could go on.
Leverage it? We don't even
know what "it" is yet.
That's the best time
to strong-arm somebody.
Before they know
what they're dealing with.
And don't worry.
Whatever I decide to do,
I will leave you out of it.
You don't have to
worry about me.
Look at you, all cute
and irrationally confident,
and very close to the milk,
which I forgot.
-Can you grab that?
-(CLEARS THROAT)
That better not be
what it looks like.
I said, "Anyone delivers
anything for me,
you grab them."
Didn't I say that,
you sweaty-necked jackass?
There wasn't
anyone to grab, sir.
-Lindenoff found it
on the stoop out front.
-Oh.
We thought that maybe
whoever it was that left it,
left it on purpose
-so we wouldn't get
a look at them.
-Oh, you did, did you?
Well, did you think that
maybe I could have
pulled some prints off of this
before you and Lindenoff
put your big hams all over it?
No one ever talks about
how exhausting it is
to be right all the time.
You know that?
What are you still doing here?
I don't get it.
Go to your room.
-Go. Yes.
-Yes, sir.
Which girl is this,
the first one
or the second one?
SAM: Neither.
This one's brand new.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
-(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
-(LAUGHTER)
Hey, you Charlie?
Little Emma told me
to come introduce myself.
I'm Dennis.
(CHUCKLES)
What, are you gonna hurt me
or something?
I look like I'm going to?
I know you've done
some hard time.
The girls told me, man,
because I was saying about
all the posers that I've met.
You know,
lying to impress you
how hard they are.
But you don't have to
impress anybody, do you?
I am everyone
and everyone is me.
(LAUGHING)
Now you're saying something,
man, and I'm hearing you.
I was about to go
have some cookies and milk.
You want to get in on that?
Like, chocolate chip
and stuff?
(LAUGHS)
Yeah, like chocolate chip.
Oatmeal. Coconut.
Oh, and raw milk, man.
You see, raw milk's
a golden food, right?
So all that good bacteria
and the enzymes, it stays in.
It'll keep you well.
It'll give you teeth
like a lion's.
Right.
What about the cookies?
What'll they do for me?
Those'll keep you
fat and happy, brother.
Come on.
Oh, you can leave that here.
I mean, if you want to.
Just make yourself
at home, man.
Any kind of envelope,
anything at all,
shows up at any precinct
with my name on it,
they need to call me.
If they see who delivers it
and let that person get away,
they need to kick
their own ass and call me.
You don't have to
put that last part in.
Unless there's room.
Did you want this
as a directed message
or a broadcast bulletin?
Broadcast bulletin.
Local, just department
citywide, or local
and county sheriffs, too?
Surprise me.
Missing Persons says
your new picture girl's
been gone nine days.
A Donna Healy.
She's got a kid, too.
Was supposed to pick him up
from her husband,
but she never showed.
SAM: Pick him up
from her husband?
Yeah, they're separated,
or he says "estranged."
What's the damn difference?
Separated, you live apart.
Estranged,
you hate each other,
and the lawyers are more
expensive on account of
the $10 words. I'm estranged.
Right. Is there
anything else you need me
to do for you right now?
Yeah, investigate why
you never use napkins.
I'll get a team on that
right away.
And Tina knew her from where?
School, right?
Tennis. Right.
I got it. I got it.
Thank you, ma'am.
You keep thinking, too,
and maybe you'll remember
Tina mentioning Donna Healy.
Okay. Thank you. Bye-bye.
-Who's that?
-Tina Greenwood's mother.
Been trying to see if Tina
and the second picture girl
are connected at all.
I got a lot of phone calls
to make.
-Well, you need a hand?
-No. I'm fine.
I love making calls.
I can't get enough of it,
really.
-Okay. Well...
-Uh, uh, uh... Sit down.
Did Tina ever mention to you
the name Donna Healy?
Would you know if Donna Healy
came to church there at all?
She didn't go
to Vineland High,
she went to East Poly.
No, I'm wondering
if you remember a woman
named Donna Healy on, uh...
On any of the other
tennis teams?
Well, if you do happen to
remember meeting Donna,
could you call
Hollywood Division?
Yes. Ask for Hodiak.
H-O-D-I-A-K. Yes, Hodiak.
What?
(CHUCKLES) Is it Jewish?
Uh, it's Ukrainian, ma'am.
This is all very sad. It is.
But thank you for your time.
We do appreciate it.
Thank you.
Could Tina have babysat
for Donna's kid, maybe?
Uh, it's a good thought,
but apparently the in-laws
did all the babysitting.
Mmm, lucky Donna.
I mean,
speaking as young with a kid,
17 is young to have a kid.
Yeah. What are you gonna do?
You meet in high school.
You fall in love.
Although they didn't go
to the same high school.
Donna went to East Poly High,
and the husband went to...
-Not East Poly High.
-He went to Vineland.
-Tina Greenwood
went to Vineland.
-Hold on.
The first girl
went to the same high school
as the second girl's
estranged husband.
You just won a chance
to make fresh coffee.
-Oh, what's that face?
-You're a lucky man.
You get to open the books
and promote another
Medal of Valor winner
into the ranks of detective.
We got open slots, right?
Yeah, but who are you
talking about?
(SCOFFS) Shaggy Nellie?
It's hilarious.
Well, I got one for you.
Blind man walks into a bar
with his seeing-eye dog.
Grabs the dog
by the hind legs,
starts swinging it
around in a circle.
-Bartender says...
-BOTH: Don't mind me.
I'm just looking around.
I told you that joke.
Killjoy.
-Where's this coming
from anyway?
-It's coming from the kid.
He works like a dog
and he's got great instincts.
Jeannie wants to know when
you're coming over for dinner.
Gee, not anytime soon.
Which is exactly when that
hippie flit makes detective.
Oh, excuse me. I got to...
It's your mom. I did warn you.
Just ice it. It'll be fine.
SAM: Tell my mom hello,
you moron.
(SIREN WAILING)
DISPATCHER:  581,
we have a possible assault
at 521 Mansfield.
All available units,
please respond.
(ENGINE STARTS)
(SIREN BLARING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Hollywood Division.
I saw you guys on my way home.
-What's going on?
-Got about 50 calls.
People saying they heard
a girl screaming,
"Help me. He's killing me."
But, uh, we checked
the three buildings,
down that way.
Can't find her?
We narrowed it down
to this end of the street.
These two buildings
here on the corner,
521 and 526, but that's it.
Just a girl screaming
she's dying,
but nobody can say from where.
Wind was blowing
pretty hard earlier,
blowing her voice around.
People didn't even know
if she was outside or inside.
All right.
521 and both alleys
are clear, Detective.
-Okay. How many
guys you got? Six?
-Total, yeah.
But we got one
posted in each lobby
to keep things on lockdown.
Good thinking. Well,
send two across the street.
Start canvassing there.
Call for more, and then
you and him come back
and help me finish searching
these two floors. All right?
There.
Got you. We got you.
(CRYING) Should've just
let him do it...
Okay. Did you see him?
Can you tell me?
Honey, can you tell me
what he looked like?
That's okay.
You'll remember later.
All right?
Tell me later.
Cold...
(GASPING)
Son of a bitch.
OFFICER:
4C's a bedridden old guy
who called Wilshire Division
and got through.
4D's a couple with a new baby
who slept through
the whole thing.
4E didn't hear anything,
and I believe her because
4E is a varsity alcoholic.
Why don't you go back to 2F?
See if that guy got back yet.
2F.
Hi, ma'am. I'm investigating
what happened to that
poor woman... Hey.
-Hey.
-I recognize you.
You used to run that brothel
on Norton...
Harriet or...
-Hazel.
-(CHUCKLES) Hazel.
-You didn't save your money,
I see.
-Listen. I heard her.
-I heard her.
-Mmm-hmm.
-She was screaming.
She said he was stabbing her.
-Uh-huh.
I called the police,
but I couldn't get through.
High volume of calls,
apparently.
He never came out,
and I watched,
even after the cops got here.
I wanted to get a description
of him for you.
That's okay. Well, might he
have gone out the back door?
The back exit's
in the boiler room,
and it's chained closed.
Too many burglaries.
Nobody can get out of there.
If there's a fire in here,
we're all dead,
and I'd rather be dead
than have to buy
another television.
Okay, so,
you didn't see him go
out the front door,
and he didn't go out
the back exit,
and then we showed up
and posted unis in the lobby.
-Unless he walked
right by you.
-Which he didn't.
He could still be
in the building.
Thank you, Hazel.
SAM: Hey, Mr. Plaza,
I got your keys.
(PLAZA CLEARS THROAT)
PLAZA: Did you find the guy,
Detective?
Not in apartment 2F, anyway.
Thank you for these.
-So, 2F. That's Mr. Lamb?
Ian Lamb, right?
-Yeah.
When was the last time
you saw him?
Uh, a few days ago, maybe.
He's not around much.
He works a lot.
Okay. Well, we're not gonna
get out of your hair
just yet, Mr. Plaza.
We've got to canvass
the whole building again,
we've got to check
for strange visitors,
overnight guests,
apparitions in the hallways.
Yeah, I never thought
that screaming was
coming from our roof.
Marisa was such a sweet girl.
To think about that
happening to her...
(STUTTERS)
I got four kids, you know?
Daughters.
And it just makes me
never want to take my eyes
off of them again, you know?
You got daughters?
A son, actually.
Well, but still, with what
you see in your work,
you must be afraid
for him sometimes.
I'm afraid for him
all the time.
Can you unchain
that fire door, please?
-Yeah.
-Thank you.
Is this your house?
My goodness! It's delightful.
Cram it, all right?
What are you doing here, Sam?
You following me?
Yeah. It's called tit for tat.
-You're the tit.
-That's funny.
-It really is.
-I think so.
-That's really funny.
-(BOTH CHUCKLING)
Good. Because I worry that
my sense of humor suffers
when I get tired from
all the actual real
police work that I do.
Let me ask you something.
Do you just sit around,
thinking about ways
to make things worse
for yourself?
-To get yourself into
an even deeper pile?
-Hell no. Just comes to me.
Honey? What's going on?
I thought I heard your car,
but then you didn't...
-Is that...
-Oh, my goodness. Sam?
Lillian?
(CHUCKLES) This is crazy.
We were just
talking about him.
-Weren't we, honey?
-RON: Yeah.
LILLIAN: My Lord...
I have not seen you
since I was still at Pan Am.
And you have not
changed a bit.
Oh, stop it. Listen to him.
I hope you kept
those uniforms.
You got to break one out
for honey, here.
Nothing like a stewardess
to turn a man's frown
upside down.
That's what my mom always
used to say, anyway.
-You are bad. You are bad.
-I'm bad. I'm bad. It's true.
You need to come in
for a drink.
-He needs to come in
-Right now? Uh-huh.
RON: Okay, honey.
SAM: Uh-huh.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
What a coincidence.
-Hey, Sam.
-Hmm?
Why don't you
get the hell out of here?
-I'd be happy to.
-Okay.
Let me ask you
one thing first.
Do you ever have
one of those moments where
suddenly you just
understand everything?
(CHUCKLES)
(INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS)
OFFICER: Hollywood Division.
(PHONE RINGS)
-Yeah?
-BRIAN:  Hey, it's Shafe.
I went to pick up
Lucille Gladner,
and we can't find her.
I mean, anywhere.
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
Okay, guys.
Amy, sorry. I tried to call.
Can, uh, we talk inside?
Thank you so much.
(ENGINE STARTS)
Then I do sign-in,
take the kids' names
and addresses and ages,
so we have a record of
what kind of numbers
we're working with.
Why is it in a church?
Why not a Panther Party
headquarters or something?
The church
is a non-profit organization,
so we give tax exemptions
if people wanna donate things.
It's "we" now, huh?
Well, the Panthers want to
raise consciousness
in the community.
It needs raising, and kids are
a great place to start.
They need to see people
not in their family
working for them,
motivated by love for them.
So, yes, we.
Okay, baby.
-If you think
it'll change anything.
-It already has.
More than what you do.
Here we go. (SIGHS)
You're just gone so much,
and it's so dangerous,
and I don't see it making
much of a difference.
Drugs are still everywhere,
aren't they?
What do you want me to say?
That you'll quit.
That you'll think
about quitting.
You're so smart.
You can go to law school.
You can do anything.
Well, not today I can't.
I'm gonna be late
for not making any difference.
I love you.
CHARLIE: You see, cops,
lawyers and jerk-off judges,
you mostly just got to
coast right along
with their greasy games.
The dumber you are,
the better they feel.
-The more they let you slide.
-(STRUMMING)
You like that Gibson?
She's pretty, huh?
Doesn't send my message
any better than
my old string box does.
Shinier, maybe,
but its truth ain't truer.
How much this run you?
You know what?
I don't even know.
(CHUCKLES)
A record company
gave it to me, man.
Right, right, right, right.
See, see.
(CHUCKLING)
They want you to need it.
See that? I mean,
what does something
like this even mean
besides them programming you
to take what they give?
The idea is
to kill that program.
See our fears
for what they really are.
What are they?
Steps to a higher
consciousness.
(CHUCKLES)
Man, Charlie.
You got to be
the most tuned-in dude
that I have ever met.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
King of the hippies.
That's you.
I ain't no hippie.
-I'm a slippie.
-(LAUGHING)
Yeah, I slip right under
people's awareness.
That's how I got it
done in prison.
I slip under the minds
of the guards.
They left me alone
to take my trip,
play my music.
Hey, play something now.
(STUTTERING)
Uh, yeah, yeah, I got to...
You got to come on is what.
Let's go. Let's hear it.
(CHUCKLING)
All right, man. All right.
You should get a job
making people nervous.
(CHUCKLES)
(STAMMERING) No, I will.
I just got some stuff.
You know?
Some lyrics and whatnot.
You understand.
No, yeah, yeah. I do.
I do, for sure.
I feel like going
for a swim, anyway.
I'm gonna go hit the pool.
(TEX GRUNTS)
I was just thinking to myself
I was hungry.
How'd you know?
Well, I am you,
and I'm also always
hungry, so... (CHUCKLES)
Hmm.
What do you think
of this whole scene?
You guys digging it?
It's a church of greenery
and scenery.
Down there, it's just all smog
and banks and insurance
and Teflon plastic fear.
There's six million freeways,
and they can't even see
where the road starts.
I like that.
Mmm-mmm. (CHUCKLES)
I don't know about that,
though.
What don't you know, huh?
How aware you're not?
I guess so, yeah.
Never done it.
He who's last shall be first.
You're seeing the world
through a dirty window.
Don't you know that?
I used to live up on Laurel,
and one time, my neighbors
brought home some
rosewood seeds from Hawaii.
"Make the doors fly open
in your mind," they said,
but I didn't recognize myself.
I always thought I was
kind of happy, gentle,
and this was me finding out
I was wrong, me wanting to
rip and bite and burn,
and make the whole world
go red.
So after the first time
doing that, I was done.
You're with me now,
so it's time to try again.
(TEX EXHALES)
PRESIDENT JOHNSON ON RADIO:
I do not believe
that I should devote an hour
or a day of my time
to any personal
partisan cause.
Accordingly,
I shall not seek,
and I will not accept
the nomination of my party
for another term
as your president.
(DOOR CREAKING)
I don't think I've ever met
a sculptor before.
I think you should go on
What's My Line? You'd win.
Stonecutter by trade.
Not quite as romantic.
I wish I could
make a living sculpting,
but I suspect
I'm not good enough.
Well, a little doubt
is good for the soul.
Maybe. Anyways, I keep at it.
Mr. Plaza lets me use
the boiler room to work,
keeps my materials locked up
down there for me.
A patron of the arts.
Or just a very kind man.
Hard worker, too.
He's gotta be, I suspect,
raising five kids
on a super's salary.
Five kids. He told me four.
Well, he's had a hard time
with his oldest.
Manny, Emmanuel.
Had a lot of trouble
around here last year with
burglaries, vandalism, and...
Anyway, Mr. P.
threw Manny out.
Probably still knows
his way back in, though, huh?
Hey.
I, uh...
I took down the chains.
-Oh?
-Don't arrest me.
Not my job. I'm homicide.
I talked to, uh, 2F finally.
(CHUCKLING)
Mr. Lamb came home.
We had a conversation.
Turns out he's a stonecutter.
He's worked
on the Masonic temple,
the cathedral downtown.
Of course, you know all that.
He said that
you let him keep his
sculpting materials down here.
Where do you
store them for him?
There.
Who holds the key
to that padlock?
I do.
That's what he said.
He also said
you have five children.
Four daughters and one son.
A 20-year-old son.
He told me that.
You didn't.
But that's okay, Mr. Plaza,
because you're gonna
tell me now.
(CHAIN JANGLING)
Now, maybe you were
defending yourself.
Seems to me girls are
feeling their oats these days,
getting pretty disrespectful,
if you ask me.
You hungry? You want a burger
or something?
Some fries, a shake? Nothing?
Manny. Manny Plaza.
Emmanuel Plaza.
That's a nice name.
Why do they call you Peanut?
Is it for the reasons I think?
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
Hey, your missing girl,
Donna Healy?
The estranged husband's here.
I thought he was
on a business trip.
No, he's in the break room.
-Hey.
So, I briefed
Lieutenant Gilbert
on what Lucille gave us.
SAM: Yeah.
He's saying he wants me
to get her in a room
with the DA next.
That's great.
You drinking again?
You are gonna make
a good detective.
I don't care
what anybody says.
Hey, listen.
Can you take a run
at the suspect today?
I'm striking out.
Okay. Suggestions?
Well, his nickname is Peanut,
so maybe you guys can bond
over your tiny apple bags.
(LAUGHING)
Or hatred of your father
could be a fruitful area.
Peanut.
So, you're a traveling
salesman, Mr. Healy?
What is it that you sell?
Acne creams and ointments
for Beechwood Pharmaceutical.
Hmm. And you and Donna
are estranged.
What estranged you two?
She had started
doing modeling.
Now, strictly speaking,
I didn't mind most of it.
But when she got into
the pin-up stuff,
that was too much,
and we argued about that
a lot.
Well, what's the difference
between that and stripping,
really, right?
And I asked her to stop.
She wouldn't.
Then, six months ago,
I told her if she didn't stop
taking the pin-up jobs,
she could move out,
and there she went.
She took your son.
I showed up while
she was working one day
and took him to my parents.
He's better off with them.
And one time
after he'd been with her,
there was a cigarette butt
in his diaper.
If you had to hazard a guess
as to where she was right now,
where would you say
your wife is?
(SCOFFS)
Went off with a man.
She would do that,
and go this long
without contacting you?
You know,
I wouldn't have thought so,
but if you would've asked
would she rather quit
pin-up modeling or leave me,
I would've said
she would've quit,
so maybe I don't know her
that well.
Who's Tina Greenwood?
I don't know. Who is she?
You went to high school
with her.
Sorry. Vineland High
is a big place.
Anyway, why do you ask?
(DOOR OPENS)
Yeah.
You have a light?
Mmm.
So, what's going on?
Oh, Hodi's got
another case going,
so he told me to come
sit in here while he's busy.
Said you were stonewalling
him anyway, so no rush, right?
What else he say?
-Hodiak?
-Mmm-hmm.
He said your dad dropped
the dime on you. That true?
Yeah.
(SCOFFS) Unbelievable.
What is?
Just, someone doesn't want
to have kids, then don't.
But if you do,
be a man about it, you know?
Yeah.
And I'll tell you something,
if it made my dad's life
any easier,
(SCOFFS) he would've
turned me in at the drop
of a hat for anything.
For the Lindbergh baby.
What's he saying you did,
anyway?
Stab some girl
in his building.
-Damn.
-Uh-huh.
And, I mean, he got proof?
I mean, were you even there?
I don't live there anymore.
You know, he kicked me out.
He didn't care.
I didn't have nothing.
Hey, man, I had to enlist
when my dad kicked me out.
That's how bad off I was.
I almost did that.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
He doesn't know
where his wife is.
He doesn't remember
the first missing girl
from high school.
I don't have any bodies.
All I got are these
damn pictures,
and I can't shoot my wad
on a hunch.
Yeah, well, Shafe's
practically got your animal
writing a how-to
on killing that girl.
So then I came up
in the elevator,
and there she was
in the lobby. Uh!
-Now, this is the girl?
-Mmm-hmm.
Mmm. She was beautiful, man.
Beautiful.
Legs to next week, just...
Mmm!
You know what I'm saying.
Anyway, so we start talking,
and I tell her
I'm the super's son,
and she says she's Marisa.
We go up on the elevator
to the fifth floor.
She unlocks her door,
but she says,
"My roommate's home,"
so I say,
"What about the roof?"
Uh-huh! Thinking on your feet.
-Okay.
-I like it.
Okay, so we go up,
and she's kissing me,
you know,
and she's got my hands on her,
all over her, you know?
Right.
Then she says,
"Stop now, or I'll scream."
After she was kissing you?
Yeah.
Just two kids trying to have
a good time.
Talking so loud,
I had to show her my blade.
It was like being in a fight,
not knowing how many punches
you threw.
You know?
So I went down
to my dad's place,
and he says
he's gonna help me.
So he gives me a shower,
hides me in the boiler room.
(BREATHES SHARPLY)
And then he says he's gonna
figure out what's what.
When I come out,
he turns me in.
I don't know why I was
expecting anything different.
You know what you should do?
What's that?
You should get your story
on record. All of it.
Right now, before he has
a chance to change his.
You know, get you in deeper.
Right?
What do you think?
I think that girl was a slut.
You ready to bring him up
into detective squad now,
or what?
Well, that depends.
You ready to step up
and do what needs to be done?
Are you seriously making
this kid's promotion
conditional on whether or not
I come to dinner
at your damn house?
Is that even legal?
You've met Jeannie.
You think I fear
man's justice?
Unbelievable.
-What can I bring?
-(SNICKERS)
Your appetite.
Jeannie's gonna go for broke
when she hears you're coming.
-(VOCALIZING TRIUMPHANT TUNE)
-God help us all.
(DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES)
I'm sorry for saying
you don't make a difference,
but I do just think
that there are other things
that you could be doing
that would be more fulfilling,
and that will let you spend
some time with your family
and your daughter.
You're so smart, honey.
You have a bright future,
and I want that for you.
I know you do.
But I also think
you're embarrassed
in front of your new
Panther friends.
Probably giving you
a hard time about
being married to a pig.
That's what I think.
But I just got promoted.
Detective squad now, homicide,
and I will be
making a difference,
solving murders.
So I do have a bright future.
I am fulfilled,
(SIGHS)
and I am gonna take a shower.
(BRIAN SNIFFLES)
DENNIS: You ready to play
for me yet, Charlie?
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
Yeah, I...
I had some other trips
to go on,
but I'm getting ready.
Sounds good.
But can I tell you what I feel
like's going on here?
Nothing's going on, man.
No, no, I know.
It's just that voice
in your head, right?
Telling you to cash it in,
give it up. I know that voice.
Watch your low notes.
You're flattening
on everything.
You're shrilling
I'm trying to help you,
big shot.
Wait...
What, you think 'cause
you got a couple of hits
that you got it made?
I can talk to you
any way I want to talk to you.
I'm your father.
(SCOFFS)
You frustrated,
booze-bag piece of crap.
(SNICKERS)
Can't even play an instrument,
but still,
it's always in there.
He's always in there.
You just got to
rise above it, man.
Just rise.
Now, look, I don't always
listen to myself
when I say that.
But I hope that you do,
because I can tell, man,
you got some
good music in you.
Some deep, beautiful music.
I can't wait to hear it.
What about now?
You want to hear it now?
Now is good.
Hi.
-Grace,
you remember Ed Cutler?
-Nice to see you again.
Come on in.
Uh, my wife, Jeannie.
Grace Karn.
So glad you could come.
Dinner smells wonderful.
Thank you. We already ate.
(STAMMERING) You said 8:00.
That is what I said.
It was ready at 7:00.
If you want some,
there's dishes in there.
You can have the rest.
I made a pitcher of gin sours.
I love gin sours.
What the hell are you on, Cut?
She thought you were
bringing Opal.
Why would she think
I was bringing Opal?
I might have told her
you two reconciled.
Uh-huh,
and when did you tell her
that you were mistaken?
Uh... About noon.
And that's why
we're not eating?
Not that I'm complaining.
I told her you and Opal
split for good,
and suddenly she's got
bamboo under my nails.
Why have I worked so many
night shifts this year?
Why'd I switch aftershaves?
Where was I three months ago
on Thursday?
Can we please just drink?
Please.
Hey, Jeannie,
we don't even need dinner,
as long as you made
that pineapple pimento dip.
I made lobster relish.
Even better. Even better.
Mucus on a cracker.
Come on in, baby.
Don't let the moths inside.
Sam, I don't want to
go in there.
Oh, you're mad.
I know you're mad, okay?
Next time Cut and Jeannie
invite us over,
we'll just kill ourselves
instead.
Okay? How's that?
At least we went somewhere.
Even if it was awful,
I'd rather do that
than sit in there and
wait for you to not come home
when you said that you would.
Are we drunk?
How drunk are we?
-What's happening?
-I don't know!
I thought that we were
together now,
that we were doing this
together, but instead,
I'm just alone again
in a different man's house.
Baby, you know my job.
You know things come up.
You know I have to
work cases based on
timing, availability...
Right. Reduce it to that.
Make me sound
petty and resentful
of you being
an instrument of justice.
-Okay.
-Thank you.
You're right.
What are you?
You tell me.
You're the woman I love.
Sam, I don't feel loved.
Mmm.
'Cause you wanna leave,
and you're telling a story
that lets you.
(SCOFFS)
Yeah.
And you hurt me into it,
again.
CHARLIE:
♪ Never do they say
♪ Why their
world is so mixed up
♪ Or how it got that way
♪ They all look at me
and they frown
♪ Do I really look so strange?
♪ If they
really dug themselves
♪ I know they'd
want to change ♪
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
What time is it?
(GROANING)
(GRUNTING)
(SPLUTTERING)
I'm the devil, and I'm here
to do the devil's business.
(GRUNTING)